lots of release process doc tweaks (#2832)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/releases/handling-releases.md

    -   For _major_ and _minor_ releases, create branch: `release/X.X`.
    -   For _patch_ releases, the branch should already exist.

_Outcome_: __There is a branch on origin repo for the release.__ (Note - it may not have all changes on it yet - that's next.)

#### Create a release pull request

> Using the [release pull request template](../../.github/release_pull_request_template.md), create a pull request for the release branch. This contains a checklist to go over, and serves as a place to contain all planning/communication around the release. The release process can span a few days, so it's this PR is an essential way for the team to keep track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the [release pull request template](../../.github/release_pull_request_template.md), create a pull request for the release branch. This contains a checklist to go over, and serves as a place to contain all planning/communication around the release. The release process can span a few days, so this PR is an essential way for the team to keep track.
```

-   For _major_ & _minor_ releases, update version on `main` with dev suffix, e.g. [`2.6-dev`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/commit/e27f053e7be0bf7c1d376f5bdb9d9999190ce158).

_Outcome:_ __Main branch contains all changes and metadata tweaks for the release.__

_Outcome:_ __Release branch is available for subsequent patch/bug fix releases.__

_Outcome:_ __Dev version number on new builds of `main` branch.__

#### Clean up release milestone / Zenhub

-   Edit the (GitHub) milestone and add the current date as the due date (this basically is used for easy reference of when the milestone was completed).
-   Close the milestone.
-   If you didn't release a patch release, create a milestone for the next minor release.
-   Close any epics that are completed as of this release and remove any unfinished issues in that from the epic.

_Outcome:_ __The release milestone is archived and is an accurate record of what was included.__

_Outcome:_ __There is a new release milestone ready for the next iteration.__

#### Create pull request for updating the package in WooCommerce core.

> All releases (except RCs, betas etc) should be included in WooCommerce core. We do this by adding a PR on WooCommerce Core repo immediately after our release is completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All releases (except pre-releases) should be included in WooCommerce core. We do this by adding a PR on WooCommerce Core repo immediately after our release is completed.
```

Author: Leaving this as is – `all releases except pre-releases` is less clear in my opinion.

Reviewer: > is less clear in my opinion.

How so? Aren't RCs, betas pre-releases? The concern I have is the `etc` you tacked on there. What is `etc`?

Author: We can take off the etc - let's revisit this as we iterate.
